hey dad mom hey listen mama got bad news
for not revealing no one was more upset
than we were last year that she I'm
doing half way I can deal with the
situation every year Brad and Kate spend
the holidays avoiding their families no
flights are coming in and no flights are
going out this isn't happy do you have a
sister airline no I'm sorry but a cousin
here like now we down how about like an
airline that your Airlines felt up
before but this year where are you
headed for the holidays they'll be
forced to celebrate come on my dad they
just saw on the news with all of them
okay he's gonna give you a big hug when
he sees you mom I'm not hugging unit
you're very excited about the head from
New Line Cinema we just got to get
through these four christmases as
quickly and as painlessly as possible
stop Merry Christmas mom hey Dad good to
see you point at Christmas dad Katie's
are my brothers denver and dallas you
must be Orlando's girl Orlando we're all
named after the city that we were
conceived it that's disgusting oh my god
for families Bradley not trying to be
your father I'd open for a chance to be
your friend well you were my friend you
are my best friend but now you're
sleeping with my mom and it's a little
bit weird for me one day that's you mom
did you put that on the mantel I love
that photo you look huge hey my feelings
Fred she must have had a lot of bad
feelings no mercy yeah
you left me in the jump jump to die as
much you were waving at me like hey I'm
get past my fear what would cross my
mind over this to think that you could
possibly be getting shanked by
four-year-old this holiday season how
can you really appreciate someone for
who they are unless you know them my
brothers they're trained UFC fighters
sissy all they want for christmas I
can't gotta just be on the damping too
much is an exit strategy
vince vaughn reese witherspoon did
Jackson protect about it four
christmases gotta get out of here like
every I wouldn't do it too